"WHO GOES THERE?" shouted Maglu. There was really no need to shout, but Maglu had been on edge since, basically, his entire life. A huge part of it was his name, of course, but what could he do if his parents loved the Hindi dubs of Harry Potter a little too much?

Pugsy raised his arms from behind the table. "Please don't shoot," he said, "I'm just here to take my files."

Maglu was astonished. "At 1 am, in the middle of the night, on a weekend?"

"Uh," Pugsy said, confusedly, stalling for time, "yes. I didn't really know if the office would be open tomorrow."

In the cupboard behind the desk, Tom Cruise lay in wait, gun drawn, peering through the gap between the doors.

"Listen," Maglu said angrily, "you know this is a secure facility! You just snuck through five checkpoints, and for what, a file? Do you really expect me to believe that?"

"Uh, yes," muttered Pugsy.

"What was that?" Maglu said, craning his ears.

"Uh, I said Bess." Pugsy had nothing else up his sleeve - he was really bad at small talk. "Listen - this is obviously a mistake, why don't I just-"

"You said 'Bess'?" Maglu repeated, incredulously. "What the hell does Bess mean?"

"Um," Pugsy said, as he thought of the perfect excuse, "I was praying, you know? Because Bess is a goddess from my religion-" 

"Your RELIGION?"

"Uh, yes. You know, you've noticed how people say 'God Bess you' to each other? Like that."

There was a moment of silence, as the universe surrounding them silently suffered a brain aneurysm. Maglu put his head in his hands for a bit, trying to recover from that remark. "Okay, you know what?" he finally said, calmly. "Let's just leave and find the security office. That way, we all get to go home a little quicker, and-"

There was suddenly a loud bang from the cupboard, and Maglu flew back. Blood spurted from a gunshot wound in his chest.

Tom Cruise came out of the cupboard. He checked the body to make sure it was dead, then he turned back and looked a Pugsy. "Bess? Seriously? How long will it take you to learn what humans say when they mean things?"

"Give me a break," Pugsy whimpered, wiping green sweat off his forehead.